
Hello, hello, hello. Okay. This is a project in which we basically got a client and they basically apply for jobs on behalf of other employees, right? Let me explain to you the current flow, right? They've got a website, right? And the website they've got three packages, right? And I guess they're Germany-based. And in the three packages, they say, hey, for €200, we apply to 200 jobs, €400, 400 jobs, €600, 600 jobs, and maybe there might be some additional benefits in each of them, like maybe in the 200, 400, and 600, they're like, okay, we'll, you know, improve your LinkedIn, et cetera, whatever. You know, that's up to them in terms of the wording. Customer clicks on that. Then customer, you know, creates an account first. After creating an account, they create a payment. After creating a payment, it takes them to like an onboarding page where they fill out some questions with regards to information that may be needed from them, including their cover letter and CV, information about their work experience, salary expectations, et cetera, right? And then they submit the submit that, right, the onboarding doc. Okay, then we've got a whole employee portal site, right? In the employee portal site, we then go to the candidate section and then we see that particular candidate that has just been onboarded. We can see whichever plan they are on. You can see the onboarding questions, and that's where the process starts, right? You see, remember the onboarding questions? Okay, that is basically managed from the employee portal under settings. And under settings, we basically have a form builder, right? In the form builder, we basically create those questions, so whenever someone, you know, signs up, they fill them, so it's dynamic, right? Okay, anyway. We've got the candidate side, sorry, the employee portal side, they review the candidate, they can see the information, they see the documents, right? And the first step that we do is we basically create an email account for them so that we can apply on their behalf, right? It's a Gmail, Ymail, whatever. So there should be a section where we say that, hey, this is the email that we are applying with and this is the password just for, you know, transparency records, so anyone can remember and log in. Okay, then what we do is we have a section called CV under the candidates part, right? And we've got their base CV, right? So it extracts all that information from PDF and then it puts it into a rich text sort of editor, right? And we have a button called enhance. Now, when it enhances, it enhances the CV based on a prompt. Now, the prompt is set. From the settings itself, there is a generic prompt that we have set up, which applies to all CVs. Whenever we click on enhance, it then enhances that based on that set prompt, right? And then what we can do is we can further re-prompt it, right? But those prompts will be specific to that CV, right? So it will open up a box, hey, what do you want to do? Okay, we can choose to save this thing, so you can save multiple versions, add a name, this is like a CV for the automobile industry, this is a CV for supply chain industry, whatever, right? And it sort of saves. And we can also, when we save, we can export it. Like when we save it, we have to save it to the style, right? It saves as a PDF. We can set two to three different styles in terms of how the format it can sort of look. We can maybe set up like HTML layouts. I don't know. But it can sort of follow that. Same thing with the cover letter. Now, here is where it starts to maybe get tricky. We're going to use a third-party sort of tool and we need to figure out that is going to help us scrape jobs off job boards on LinkedIn, maybe I don't know, whatever, and put them into a section called job discovery, right? It's gonna run maybe Every one hour, every 30 minutes, or whatever, and it's going to dump relevant jobs into our portal, right? Now what it's going to do, it's also going to check against our candidates and tell us which of our candidates are, you know, like which of these jobs should be for our candidates. I can give a score, like let's say candidate ABC, A has a 90% relevancy and chance on this, B has a 80%, C has a, you know, 30, 40%, whatever, right? And what we can sort of do is we can then in a table or something, say, okay, hey, this job is good. And then it, yeah. And then this is like a job discovery section, right? So we can click on that, and then it sort of auto piles up inside that candidate's view where there might be job application or something, right? So it creates a list of, hey, these are all the relevant jobs that you should apply for because these are 75% and above in terms of your AI matching score, right? And these are all the job descriptions or links to them. And then when you click on each of them, it sort of creates an application, right? So we have to track each job application. So obviously the applying process is manual, but the tracking and tagging is semi-automatic in the sense that, okay, we've gone to the extent that it's pulled whichever jobs. It is also shown which CV that you can use, what is the relevant cover letter. So you go ahead and you open up that link, you apply on their behalf, any information, any notes are added to that job application and save, right? And then each of that job applications can be tracked. This is, I think, in summary, what this is company all about, right? I would like you to transcribe this and I would like you to structure this. And the name of this company is a German company called Arbeitly, right? And yeah.